{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Poker Rules & By-laws                                                                            }
{\author UNK Labs}
{\*\company University of Nebraska at Kearney}}\vieww14340\viewh12460\viewkind1\viewscale100
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 House Rules, Revision 3 (last updated July 17)\
\uc0\u8232 1.  All standard rules of No Limit Texas Hold \'d4em Poker apply, even if they are not listed here.\
\uc0\u8232 2.  Buy-ins will be recorded by a single individual known as the financier, who may also play.  This will usually be the chip owner or host of play.  The financier will also count out chips or supervise counting of chips and lock the chip case after money is exchanged.  The financier has the right to refuse buy-ins with an excessive amount of change (see rule 13).  Buy-ins of less than $1 are not permitted.  At any time before the first hand starts, anybody may count anybody else\'d5s chips to assure fairness.\
\uc0\u8232 3.  Only the financier may handle money after it has been used for a buy in.  Chips distributed must be equal to a player's buy in.  Chip denominations will be set by the financier before play.  Blinds shall always be $.05-$.10 unless set otherwise before the game.  Rebuys will follow same procedure as buy-ins in Rule 2.\
\
4.  The host has the right to refuse game play to any latecomers.  A latecomer is defined as someone wanting to buy in 1 hour after the game starts.\
\
5.  If you touch someone else's chips, the holder of the chips at the table can choose to charge up to and not exceeding a fifty cent fine.  Obvious accidents need not be fined.  Also, posting blinds for an absent player does not constitute a finable offense.  Any player in a game must post blinds if applicable for each hand, regardless of their presence or absence.  If absent, the player\'d5s hand shall be folded immediately and any money in the pot forfeited.\
\uc0\u8232 6.  Splashing the pot will not be accepted.  Bets are to be placed in neat stacks (preferable) or an organized pile in front of your position.  Excessive violations of this rule can be punished by anything up to early expulsion from the game as per Rule 10.  Any player taking action considered splashing will be given one warning per night by the host after a splash has occurred.  After a round of betting, all pot money will be collected together into the middle of the table in the appropriate pot for the hand.\
\uc0\u8232 7.  When dealing, a cut card should be used, which may be as simple as two jokers taped face to face, so that the bottom card is never exposed.  The dealer must always allow the person on his right to cut the deck, although checking is acceptable.  The board cards must remain in the deck until the betting round is over.\'ca The whole "burn and turn" philosophy is used in hold \'d4em to prevent any marked cards from helping whoever is in the pot.\'ca This rule basically means no board cards out of the deck until it is their rightful time, i.e. not creating the board right after the deal.\
\uc0\u8232 8.  Mucked cards must be respected. There is a fifty cent fine if cards are looked at, which is to be paid from the disrespecter of the muck to the cardholder.  The cardholder can choose not to charge.  Any cards not flipped over by the cardholder are considered mucked.  Respecting a mucked hand applies to the dealer of the next hand as well.\
\uc0\u8232 9.  A player cannot purposefully allow another player to see their hand until the hand is over, even if he is folded.  Showing your cards to any player gives each player at the table the right to see your hand.  Also, table talk regarding folded hands is not permitted.\
 \uc0\u8232 10.  Buy-out time is the choice of the host. In a normal game, with no time limitations, buy-outs generally begin at 11:15 P.M. This rule can be amended if the player has to leave due to previous commitments or parents.  A player may buy out before the buy-out time only with less than or equal to what he has bought in with.\
 \uc0\u8232 11.  Buy-outs, like buy-ins, will be recorded by the owner of the chips. The financier will supervise the counting of chips, then award the player the appropriate amount of money.  If there is a discrepancy in buy-out money and chip totals, the person who won the most money will be awarded the surplus or deducted the loss up to two dollars.  If the surplus or loss is more than two dollars, any amount larger than two dollars shall be split between the biggest winner and the next biggest winner.\
 \uc0\u8232 12.  In the case of an early termination of play, all players will be given their buy-in money back. Early termination is defined as a game ending less than 1.5 hours after commencing.\
\uc0\u8232 13. \'caDon't be gay. \'caGay is defined as anything the majority thinks is dumb, IE: being gay.\
\
14.  Any issue resulting in variation of regular play or in these rules shall be voted on by active players in between hands or at the time the variation is necessary, majority vote winning.\'ca If said vote rubs someone the wrong way, he/she may buy out before the next hand, regardless of chip status or time.\'ca If there should be a tie, chip leader shall cast deciding vote. Nightly revisions shall be written down to keep record.\
\
15. While playing on the shed's poker table, several extra rules are in play: no food or drink on or over the table. Any chip in the playing surface is considered a bet or raise; likewise, keep your chips in the racetrack until ready to play.\
\
Signing this document shows you have read and understand all above stated rules and will follow them to the best of your ability. Also, if the game is to be tournament style, your signature also shows you understand and agree to all the extra rules and changes associated with that style of play.\
\
Date: \ul               /                /               .\ulnone 		Start time:\ul 	\
	\
\ulnone Signed:}